Software -> Software is a collection of computer programs, procedures, rules and associated documentaion and data pertaining to the opeartion of a computer system.
    1. system Software -> Designed to operate and control the computer hardware and provide aplatform for running the application software
    2. application Software -> tand-alone programs that solve a specific business need

Software Engineering -> The application of systematic, disciplined, quantifiable approach to the development, operation, and maintenance of software.

Layers of Software Engineering -> 
    1. Quality Focus
    2. Process
    3. methods
    4. Tools 

Attributes of good Software -> 
    1. Maintainability
    2. Dependabilty 
    3. Efficiency 
    4. Acceptability
    5. Update the knowledge & qualifications to latest technologies

Key Challenges of a Software Engineer -> 
    1. The Legacy Challenge 
    2. The Heterogeneity Challenge
    3. The Delivery Challenge
    4. Update the knowledge & qualifications to latest technologies
    5. Technical Challenge
    6. Dealing with Management & Customer
    7. Operational Challneges

Ethical Resonsibilities of Software Engineer
    1. Confidentialy
    2. Competance
    3. Intellectual Property Rights
    4. Computer Misuse

Seven Core Principle of Sofware Engineering
    1. The Resson IT All Exists 
    2. Keep it simple stupid
    3, Maintain the vision
    4. What you produce others will consume 
    5. Be open to the future
    6. Plan ahead for reuse
    7. Think


Agile Software Developnemt -> is a group of Software Developnemt methods based on iterative and incremental Developnemt, 
    where reqiurements and solutions envolve throgh callaboration between self organizing, cross-fuctional teams

Agile Allince - just some engineers
    Goal - develop quickly, respond to change.

Agile Manifesto -> formal documentation that describes Agile

Sprint -> scrum projects consits of series of sprints , Typically 2-4 weeks of length 

product backlog -> The reqiurements

sprint backlog -> List of works done in the next sprint

burn down chart -> daily progress for a sprint over the sprint's length and this chart showing the remaining work in the sprint backlog

Sprint Retrospective -> is held after sprint, Consider what works and what does not work

Software Developnemt LifeCycle -> 
    planning 
    System Analysis and reqiurement Gathring 
    system design
    Development
    Integtation and Testing
    Implementaion
    operations and maintenance

Softare Development Process -> 
    watarfall model
    v model(verification and validation)
    interative and incremental model 
    spiral model
    prototype model

Key Qualities among the people on an agile team
    1. Competance
    2. Common Focus
    3. Collabaration
    4. Decision-making abiliy
    5. Fuzzy problem-solving abilty and Self organize
    6. Mutual trust and Respect

Software Design -> Sofware Design sits at the technical kernal of software engineering.
     it is a problem solving process whose objective to find and describe a way

Software Quality Assurance -> Software Quality assurance is a process which works parallel to developmet of a software

Software quality assurace techniques -> 
    1. Auditing
    2. Reviewing 
    3. Code Inspection
    4. Design Inspection
    5. fuctional Testing
    4. Walkthroughs
    5. Path Testing
    6. Stress Testing
    7. Six sigma